Thanks for checking out my site. I designed and coded this responsive portfolio from scratch using React.js and some vanilla CSS stylings - hope you enjoy!

During my career I have held a myriad of different roles across many different industries. I initially started out in Technology Procurement for a leading global geophysical services company in Houston, TX. From there I migrated from a sourcing specialist role at a global electronic components distributor to heading up Supply Chain and E-Commerce (not as weird of a combination as one might think) for a startup known as ServerMonkey.com, which was founded by the aforementioned distributor.
After helping get ServerMonkey.com up and running, I shifted into a data science role for a startup called MarkITx which was ultimately acquired by 6Fusion. Desiring a change and a challenge, I shifted into the role of network engineer for a large electrical manufacturer where I redesigned and implemented an entirely new network structure and developed several unique web application interfaces to monitor and adjust automation controls.

Drawing on my E-commerce experience from my ServerMonkey.com days, I accepted a position to head up the E-Commerce marketplace strategy for the leading off-road product manufacturer and retailer, RoughCountry. During my short time there, I was able to boost sales across the Amazon, eBay, and Walmart.com channels by a staggering 37%, simply by applying what I already knew. In addition, I helped augment internal systems with my coding skills by designing and launching a web-app that aggregates customer order tracking information from multiple shipping carrier APIs (FedEx - SOAP, UPS - REST, USPS, and OnTrac).

After a successful stint at RoughCountry, I was contacted out of the blue by 6Fusion\Requis which was building on the MarkITx idea, but on a larger scale. I was hired on as a Senior Software Engineer and am currently having a fantastic time heading up the front end of our web platform, and acting as a procurement and supply chain subject-matter expert on the business side.`
